hey everyone its ginger for my sister
scrapper I just have a real quick little
mini album page tutorial for you today
I'm gonna show you how I created my
little super simple pocket pages in this
little mini album here so you have a
pocket on the front for a fotomat or tag
and then you flip it over you have a
pocket in the back and then you also
have a pocket at the top so it's really
super easy it's a great beginner project
so I'm going to share that with you
today what you're going to need to
create one page is a piece of cardstock
I like to use a knife by eleven because
you don't have a lot of waste if you use
a net by eleven for this page style
you're gonna need a bone folder some wet
glue a decorative edge punch which is
optional if you want to put a design on
the top like I did on these pages I did
the scalloped edge and a scoring board
or you can use your paper trimmer but I
really like a scoring board and also
your paper trimmer so that's it so the
first thing we're going to do is take
your paper trimmer and you're gonna put
your paper in your trimmer and you want
for every page to be this particular
size that I created is going to need a
sheet of cardstock that's eight and a
half by nine inches so it's already
eight and a half this way so we're gonna
go ahead and make nine inches right here
trim that off so that's all the waste
you have so you can use up for tags or
photo tabs or something like that but
anyway that's all the ways to have a few
zeynep by eleven so we're done cutting
so then what you're gonna do next is
take your
scoreboard and take your cardstock and
put it in your scoreboard on the 9-inch
side so you have a 9 inches here and 8
and 1/2 this way okay so on the nine
inch side we're gonna hit go ahead and
score this directly in half at four and
a half inches then what you're gonna do
is take your paper and you're going to
flip it over and put it so it's upside
down now and you're gonna have it on the
8 and 1/2 inch side so here's your first
score mark and now we've got it on the 8
and 1/2 inch side are your going to
score this side at 2 and 1/2 and there's
a reason why I flip it over and I'll
share that with you a second whenever
you're scoring and folding and most of
you probably know this but if you don't
it's always best when you score that
you're going to want to fold on the
mountain side so this was where we did
our last score mark right here at 2 and
a half so we're going to take that we're
gonna fold that piece up ok it just
makes your your paper it prevents it
from tearing if it's one of those cards
X that has a tendency to tear so then
we're gonna fold that up like that
and then what we're gonna do is we're
gonna take it and since we've already
got our little Valley here we're gonna
fold it over and we're gonna fold
towards our little mountain here we're
gonna fold it this way in half make sure
we line up our edges
so there you have it that's it I know
super easy huh
so you have a puppeteer flip it over you
have a pocket here and then you're gonna
have a pocket you can use in between the
folds that's another pocket so in order
to create that what we're gonna do first
if you want to make a decorative edge
this is where you would do that now so
go ahead and unfold your page get your
punch go ahead and blind the center you
should have a mark on the center of your
punches most of me as you do or you
don't have to it this is just how I do
it and put your punch in there and punch
your concrete a bitch
so we're done with that that's an option
you don't have to just you know kind of
make sure Puckle look kinda cute so then
go ahead and fold it back up but now you
have this cute little decorative edge
how cute is that then you can decorate
it so then what to do next is I go ahead
and I seal the bottom of my pocket here
so you're gonna take your wet glue and
you want to use the wet glue you don't
have to but the reason why I do on my
pocket is so that way if I use my tape
runners sometimes your tags or your
photo mask gets stuck inside there so I
like to use a liquid glue on my pockets
so just run a small little bead a wet
glue just along the bottom here you
don't want to get too much because you
don't want to take away from your pocket
opening and then just fold that back and
press it down and I use the Scotch quick
dry adhesive because it dries quick so
there you go
that's it that's your pocket page now I
don't seal these edges because it's not
necessary because when you use your
binding however you gonna bind it if
you're gonna use your cinch or your bind
at all that will go ahead and seal your
sides closed for you um if you're gonna
punch holes and use rings and that's
great you can um you still don't need to
you know I you might want to though
because if you're only gonna do like
maybe five well maybe you would do five
I don't know how many rings you would do
one two and three maybe I don't know but
it's an option if you want to I just
choose not to be when I use my my
my sense your mind at all so it's not
necessary um my inspiration for this
page I'd actually saw a physics die that
you can buy it's called a pocket page
die and I was looking at and I thought
oh that's really cute but I'm thinking
you know I could probably make that page
myself so there's actually successive
die that will create this page for you
so I just kind of did it without the die
it's really not necessary so there you
go everybody that's your little page
construction and then once you find it
you're all set and you can round the
corners if you want or anyway it's a
cute little page so there you go
everybody that's my little tutorial for
my little pocket page thanks for
watching bye